# User Stories

Due: March 16, 2020 at 9:30am

In this assignment you will prepare some user stories for a Petting Zoo
Management System.

### Objectives

Students will:

-   Capture system requirements from a stakeholder's perspective
-   Document the requirements as user stories

## Instructions

This assignment is to be completed individually; **no collaboration is
permitted**.

### Setup

1.  You will use your `csce361-homework` repository for this assignment.

1.  Think about what different people who operate or attend petting zoos do.

### Assignment

![Archie the Mammoth](archie.jpg)

Archie's Pleistocene Petting Zoo is a place for family-friendly fun. For a
modest entry fee, visitors can interact with megafauna (and not-so-mega fauna)
from the Pleistocene prehistorical epoch. The owner has hired your team to
automate the operation of the petting zoo.

![Jurassic Park hired one software developer; we're hiring two.](some-expenses-spared.png)

Visitors can interact with animals in hands-on enclosures where they can touch
the animals, in hand-feeding enclosures, where they can purchase food pellets
to feed the animals;,and at hands-off enclosures, where the can look at the
animals but cannot come in direct contact with them. Behind-the-scenes, there
are also stalls where animals eat and rest when not in one of the public
enclosures, the veterinary clinic where sick and injured animals can heal, and
the mating pen whose purpose is self-explanatory.

1.  Prepare three user stories. Your particular assignment is below.
    -   Because you might not be a subject domain expert, you'll need to use
        some imagination to think of the user stories.
    -   Your particular assignments are based on the last digit of your NUID
        number:
        -   The last digit of your NUID is 0, 1, or 2
            -   Prepare user stories for the petting zoo owner
        -   The last digit of your NUID is 3, 4, or 5
            -   Prepare user stories for the animal handlers
        -   The last digit of your NUID is 6, 7, 8, or 9
            -   Prepare user stories for petting zoo visitors
    -   At least two of your three user stories *must* be something the user
        wants to do with software.

1.  Each user story should have:
    -   Who the role or persona is
        -   If you decide to create personas, be sure to include descriptions
            of them.
    -   What the role (or persona) wants to do with the system
        -   What's the feature / featurette?
    -   Why the role (or persona) wants to do that
        -   What's the business value?
    -   Acceptance criteria
        -   At least two ways to confirm (or refute) that the user story has
            been implemented

1.  Place your user stories in a text file called `25-user_stories.md`. Each
    user story should be in the form:
    ```
    *   As {who}, I want to {what} so that {why}.
        *   {acceptance criterion 1}
        *   {acceptance criterion 2}
    ```

1.  Place `25-user_stories.md` in your `csce361-homework` repository and push
    it to the server.

### Deliverables

For grading, we will pull updates to the `csce361-homework` repositories after
the assignment is due, and we will look for:

-   `25-user_stories.md` containing at least three user stories from the
    perspective / for the activity assigned to you.

*It is your responsibility to ensure that your work is in the master branch of
the **correct repository** and that we have the correct level of access to the
repository at the **time the assignment is due**.  We will grade what we can
retrieve from the repository at the time it is due.  Any work that is not in
the correct repository, or that we cannot access, will not be graded.*

## Rubric

The assignment is worth **13 points**:

-   **4.0 points** for each user story, for a total of 12 points
    -   **0.5 points** for the "who"
    -   **0.75 points** for the "what"
    -   **0.75 points** for the "why"
    -   **1.0 point** for the first acceptance criterion
    -   **1.0 point** for the second acceptance criterion
    -   50% penalty if user story isn't from the perspective / for the
        activity assigned to you.

-   **1.0 point** for using a meaningful and well-formatted commit message
    when committing your file.


*If **at any time** your repository is public or has internal visibility then
you will receive a 10% penalty. Further, if another student accesses your
non-private repository and copies your solution then I will assume that you are
complicit in their academic dishonesty.*

##  Image credits

-   Archie the Mammoth ©2015 by Wikimedia user Hanyou23, licensed under
    CC BY-SA 4.0.
-   Jurassic Park images ©1993 Universal Pictures Studios; meme from unknown
    source.
